
# <code style="color : blue"> Automative-Control-System-</code>
Automotive Control System project based on STM32
##  <code style="color : red">Objective</code>
Here We Simulate The Control System Of The Car According To Some Conditions and Calculations To Prepare The Car To Be On The Road.
 - <u> Operation </u> :- 
The Driver Presses The Remote Button That Sends a Signal to Unlock The Door, ThenInsert The Key That Sends a Signal to Start The System Which Checks The Temperature, Gas Level and Teers Pressure Sensors To Activate Cooling System and The Other Features Then Starts The Engine By Pressing A Finger Print. 
## <code style="color : red">Features</code>
### **Remote Door Control System**
* The Remote Sends The Signal ToThe Controller By UART and If TheSignal Is Correct, The Door is Opened.
### System Key Recognition
* The System Key RecognitionSends The Signal To TheController By UART and If The Signal Is Correct, The Car System is Started To Activate Cooling System and The Other Features.
### Engine System Activation
* The Engine System is Activated By  Receiving The Signal From The Finger Print Sensor Through A UART Communication Protocol To The Controller.
### Collision Avoidance Assist
* Breaking System is Controlled By The Controller In Situations Like Collisions To Avoid Obstacles By Sending and Receiving Data From an Ultrasonic Sensor.
### Motor Speed Control:
* Motor Speed is Controlled By The Controller Using A PWM Signal Generated By The Timer With Different Duty Cycle Options for Speed Controlling.
### Air Conditioning System:
* Air Conditioning System is Activated in Different Levels By a PWM Signal That is Sent By The Controller According to The Temperature Sensor Reading.
##  <code style="color : red">Working Scenario</code>
* The driver presses the remote button which sends a signal to unlock the car door if the signal is correct. 
* If the signal is correct, he will insert the key in the car which sends a signal to start the system. 
* Then the system checks the temperature, battery, and tire pressure levels from their sensors and displays them on the screen. 
* After that the system decides whether to activate the cooling system (air conditioning) or not and whether to start the car engine or not based on the readings that were received from the tire pressure and battery level sensors. 
* When the car starts, the driver can control the speed of the car using the pedal and the collision avoidance system will automatically decrease the car’s speed if the distance between the car and its adjacent vehicle becomes too small
## The Overall System Components
* Crystal LCD
*  PushButtons
* STM32F401VE
* DC Motor
* Motor Driver L298
* Temperature Sensor
* TFT
* Ultrasonic Sensor
* Potentiometer
## Documents
* [stm32-cortex-m4-programming-manual-stmicroelectronics.pdf](https://github.com/user-attachments/files/15907185/stm32-cortex-m4-programming-manual-stmicroelectronics.pdf)
*  [stm32f401xb-referance_manual.pdf](https://github.com/user-attachments/files/15907183/stm32f401xb-referance_manual.pdf)





